- [Instructor] We have one more housekeeping thing
to talk about
because it's one of the biggest learning challenges
for new Spring developers,
and that is understanding annotations,
why they're important,
and what do we do with them
when we're writing a Spring Boot application
or any Spring application for that fact.
We've already seen one such annotation.
So let's start with the concept of annotations
and what they really are.
Annotations first and foremost are a core component
of the Java language.
They are not a Spring-specific abstract.
Now, traditionally in Java,
they provide a way to define metadata for your code.
This metadata is often used for compiler
or runtime instructions.
So think about an annotation
that I can almost guarantee you have used
if you're a Java developer.
And that is things like the @test annotation,
that is a runtime instruction for the test framework
to know that that specific method is a test.
Now, Spring, with its aspect-oriented programming model,
uses them as a leverage point for pointcuts in the code.
Now, this is key to how Spring uses these constructs
to add functionality to the code that you write.
So-called proxies.
Proxies are a very important concept in Spring.
Much of the power of Spring comes during operations
from proxy classes driven by abstract behavior.
Beans in the bean factory are proxied,
usually by one or more abstracts from Spring.
This is where the added behavior
is providing much of the plumbing of Spring itself.
Annotations tend to be a very easy extension point
for the framework,
specifically AspectJ,
and many of them drive not only behavior,
but component scanning as part of the definition
of the application context.
This same power that Spring gets from annotations
are available to you as a developer,
either through aspect-oriented programming
or extending the Spring framework to meet your needs.
Now, one caveat that you need to be aware of,
and that is that proxy classes have to be called
through the proxy itself
for the behavior to be added.
Now, this is important
when dealing with private method calls
or class local method calls.
Data access, for instance,
with transaction management systems
seem to be a common error location
because internal methods are not proxied.
I've answered a lot of questions on this on stack overflow,
because it is so common.
The situation is this.
I have a method A
that has transactional boundaries around it.
There's a method B
that also has transaction boundaries around it.
I want to call A and have A call B
and I'm expecting the transaction boundaries to be separate
because there is a new transaction.
The problem is that method A calls method B
internally or class locally.
Therefore, the proxy behavior only gets applied to method A
and doesn't get reapplied for method B
because it doesn't go back through the proxy interface.
Now, as we go through the rest of this course,
we're going to be using annotations a lot.
And I will explain those annotations as I introduce them
and what it's going to do from a behavior perspective.
But I encourage you to dig deeper
and evaluate how they actually work
so that you better understand
when I annotate a class or annotate a method,
why I'm doing it and what purpose it's serving
to make sure that you fully understand it
because it is core to using Spring.